Add `view_as_seq` function in MQE for listing metrics in the given prioritized sequence (#11194)
apache/skywalking: docs/en/changes/changes.md

* Add OpenSearch 2.8.0 to our client lib tests.
* Apply MQE on RabbitMQ Dashboards.
* Use listening mode for apollo implementation of dynamic configuration.

> * Add `view_as_seq` function in MQE for filtering the not empty metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add `view_as_seq` function in MQE  for listing metrics in the given prioritized sequence.
```
